# -Wireless-Electric-Vehicle-Charging-System
Environmental pollution is considered as significant issue for entire the Globe. Global warming, greenhouse gases, air pollution and acid rains are only some of the consequences to name a few. Large contribution to pollution is obtained from vehicle emissions. Gasoline-powered cars emit greenhouse gases into natural atmosphere, which could be the primary cause of global warming. Transition to sustainable technologies is one of the possible solutions to stabilize the climate and a starting point to deal with vehicle pollution. Transition from petrol-powered transports to EVs would be ponderable contribution to sustain healthy environment. EV implementation is a relatively global-accepted idea in transportation industry and great step to reach eco-friendly technologies. EVs run on electricity obtaining their power from the battery installed in the car, which power the motors and run the wheels. The battery is rechargeable using grid electricity. EVs are petrol-free and they are quite economy alternatives as the fossil fuel price increase steadily. Along with eco-friendliness, electric cars considerably reduce noise pollution and require less vehicle maintenance in comparison with conventional cars. These days most commercially available electric cars power by plugging them to the charge station. Such conductive type of recharging faces several issues as physical plugging the wire, safety concern and charging time. Manually charging can be undesirable with risk of electric spark or hazard. Therefore, there is an increasing need for convenient, safe and still effective way to charge the car. Progress in Wireless Power Transfer (WPT) shows the ability to transfer the significant amount of power over the short and mid-range distances. The concept of WPT proposes the system without any wires, sending the energy through the air gap. WPT is considered as a convenient method for charging EV. 
